[deckhouse] Add experimental flag webhook (#14630)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/module-development/STRUCTURE.md

  - `kubernetes` — *String.* Dependency on the [Kubernetes version](../dependencies/#kubernetes-version-dependency) that the module is compatible with.
  - `modules` — *Object.* Dependency on the [version of other modules](../dependencies/#dependency-on-the-version-of-other-modules).
- `stage` — *String.* [Module lifecycle stage](../versioning/#how-do-i-figure-out-how-stable-a-module-is). Possible values: `Experimental`, `Preview`, `General Availability`, `Deprecated`.

> If `stage` is set to `Experimental`, the module will not be can enabled by default. To enable it, set the [`allowExperimentalModules`](../../modules/deckhouse/configuration.html#parameters-allowexperimentalmodules) parameter to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `stage` is set to `Experimental`, the module cannot be enabled by default. To allow the use of such modules, set the [`allowExperimentalModules`](../../modules/deckhouse/configuration.html#parameters-allowexperimentalmodules) parameter to `true`.
```
